Add README.adoc (#46)
hazelcast-guides/hazelcast-quarkus: README.adoc

:github-address: https://github.com/mtyazici/hazelcast-quarkus
:templates-url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hazelcast-guides/adoc-templates/master
:hazelcast: Hazelcast IMDG
:framework: Quarkus

= Getting Started with Hazelcast using Quarkus

Hazelcast is the fastest cloud-native distributed cache solution in the OSS world. It's elastic and a natural fit for cloud-ready architectures. Quarkus tailors your application for GraalVM and HotSpot. It has amazingly fast boot time, incredibly low RSS memory (not just heap size!) offering near-instant scale-up.

include::{templates-url}/link-to-repo.adoc[]

== What You’ll Learn

 In this guide, you'll see how to quickly set up a native-image-ready Quarkus application using Hazelcast Client.

== Prerequisites

* ~10 mins
* Docker and Docker Compose
* Apache Maven 3.2+

== The Quarkus Application Structure

> This guide showcases how to setup a basic Quarkus application to work with Hazelcast Client-Server Topology. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide showcases how to set up a basic Quarkus application to work with Hazelcast Client-Server topology. 
```

The `put` operation places a key-value pair to Hazelcast and `get` operation returns the value along with the Container Name.

The Container Name is present to make it clear from which instance the value is returned from.

== Using Hazelcast Client in the Application

> In `pom.xml` we add quarkus-hazelcast-client dependency as follows:

Reviewer: In `pom.xml` we add _quarkus-hazelcast-client_ dependency as follows:

> In `pom.xml` we add quarkus-hazelcast-client dependency as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
In `pom.xml` we add _quarkus-hazelcast-client_ dependency as follows:
```
